Move DNS, DHCP, and TFTP content to a new guide (#3530)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_dhcp-service-providers.adoc

[id="dhcp-serivce-proviers"]
= DHCP service providers

{Project} can manage IP leases on a DHCP server through a {SmartProxy}.

> This management contains querying for available IP addresses, adding new reservations, and deleting existing reservations from the lease database.

Reviewer: IAMANS (I Am Not a Native Speaker) but this phrasing seems off. How about this?
```suggestion
This includes querying for available IP addresses, adding new reservations, and deleting existing reservations from the lease database.
```

> Note that {SmartProxy} cannot manage subnet declarations.

Reviewer 2: How about "This management contains querying for available IP addresses, adding new reservations, and deleting existing reservations **from the lease database.**"

Note that {SmartProxy} cannot manage subnet declarations.

{SmartProxy} supports the following DHCP providers that you can use to integrate {Project} with your existing DHCP infrastructure or deploy a new one:

> `dhcp_isc`:: Managing IP leases on an ISC dhcpd server by using the Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).

Reviewer: Should dhcpd have some markup?
```suggestion
`dhcp_isc`:: Managing IP leases on an ISC `dhcpd` server by using the Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).
```
Might apply elsewhere too.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure we quote project names like this elsewhere. it should be noted that https://www.isc.org/dhcp/ uses "ISC DHCP"

Reviewer 2: In cases that I refer to the software name, I changed it to "ISC DHCP" - which is the official name.
In cases where it's about the service, I kept dhcpd.

> `dhcp_isc`:: Managing IP leases on an ISC dhcpd server by using the Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).

Reviewer: Should dhcpd have some markup? You're using markup in at least one another module:
```suggestion
`dhcp_isc`:: Managing IP leases on an ISC `dhcpd` server by using the Object Management Application Programming Interface (OMAPI).
```
Applies for the dlist item below as well.

Reviewer: You know what, actually, here you are writing "ISC dhcpd" but at least in one of the section headings it's "ISC DHCP". And line 21 has "dnsmasq DHCP". Should this be consistent? (And there are other occurrences of `dhcpd server` vs `DHCP server` in case you want to try to unify them throughout the doc.)

Reviewer 3: ISC DHCP is the project name, which is really confusing but I'm pretty sure it dates back to a time when there weren't that many alternatives.

[id="dhcp-serivce-proviers"]
= DHCP service providers

> {Project} can manage IP leases on a DHCP server by using {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer 3: I'll leave this to writers, but given a Smart Proxy is essentially a facade, would this be better?
```suggestion
{Project} can manage IP leases on a DHCP server through a {SmartProxy}.
```
